{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi guys, we're the Salmon team! For our project, we analyzed salmon data and built a machine learning model that predicts wild salmon data for the years to come. Our goal in doing this analysis is to identify how many wild salmon will spawn in the coming years, so that we can help hatcheries forecast how many hatchery salmon they will need to spawn.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 This presentation is brought to you by Nora, Adam, Matt, and Travor. Nora worked in Tableau building our dashboard and visualizations. Adam built our Database using Postgres, which was designed to store our data in the most efficient manner, and allowed Nora and Matt to pull directly from the database, rather than using CSVs. Matt was in charge of the machine learning model, working probably 3X as much as the rest of us getting our model to its most optimal state. I, Travor, managed the Github, ensuring the Github stayed tidy and all of the code was clean, as to avoid any merge conflicts. While these were our primary roles, we each worked together to bridge any gaps and help each other out when we got stuck.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Salmon are an integral part to Pacific Northwest ecosystems. The Upper Columbia River and The Sacramento River are two rivers in the Pacific Northwest where the salmon population is endangered. Salmon is a vital food source for a diversity of wildlife, such as bears, birds, seals, orcas, humans, and more. Without salmon the food chain for many of these species will be heavily impacted. This is what set us out to locate a data set that could help us figure out exactly what salmon populations were doing
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 In doing some research, we found a data set to help us out on NOAA.GOV. The dataset contained over 60,000 rows, giving us more than enough data to work with. The data date back to the 1950s. It contained steelhead and salmon data in case we wanted to cross reference populations across species. Our data set also included many rivers and streams to the Pacific Northwest.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Now, I\'92ll send it off to Adam so that he can tell you guys about some of the questions we set out to answer.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}